Enabled Virtual WAN scenario in a new vwanConnectivity module (#152)
Azure/ALZ-Bicep: docs/wiki/DeploymentFlowHS.md

<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
## Azure Landing Zones Bicep - Deployment Flow - Hub and Spoke
<!-- markdownlint-restore -->

### Intro

> This deploys a [hub and spoke](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/architecture/reference-architectures/hybrid-networking/hub-spoke) network topology to the enterprise-scale foundation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This deploys a [hub and spoke](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/architecture/reference-architectures/hybrid-networking/hub-spoke) network topology to the Azure Landing Zone foundation.
```

> Please review and run the [Deployment Flow](https://github.com/Azure/ALZ-Bicep/wiki/DeploymentFlow) before running these modules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Please review and run the [Deployment Flow](https://github.com/Azure/ALZ-Bicep/wiki/DeploymentFlow) before running these modules.
```
